hey guys what's up my name is Jason and
welcome back to my youtube channel
okay so today we're going to do and
review on some profit I got sent from a
company called sprayground
and this video is truly sponsored by
those guys so I'll need to link below so
you can go check out their products so
yeah this Jessica started ok first of
all I what I want to say that I did
unbox these before the day I got them
that's like a few days ago ok maybe 300
but I found this I found some space in
my week so I'm doing this video nap ok
so first I'll gonna show you guys how
happy how stoked I was about this
because this is this these products was
the first products I got sent and this
is all because of you guys this is
possible because you guys gravis
let's try that again me this is all
possible because you guys subscribe to
me and followed me that's really amazing
and I'm truly honored by that yeah I'm
just gonna show you the video now
these items from a company called
sprayground
I just got
you
now they are swinging my dears look at
that Shaq's got no ice on my wrist
but I could no labels on my thumb
brownie we good we doing everything
doing okay so I got what this mask the
ski mask with the logo on and and then I
got the pack
okay I can start with the small one mask
it says rip rip me off no okay so it
says rip me open so I'm just gonna do
this me want to keep this as a souvenir
kind of past it was my first thing like
that since this is a ski mask this is
used for when you are on snowboarding my
ski it's pretty cool though we got that
logo at the right bottom here it's
pretty cool though is this playground
and then they have their shark mouth
logo placed where your mouth is supposed
to be right under your eyes then this is
a one big eye hole I think that's cool
I'm gonna show you guys how this look by
the end of this video so yeah it's just
black on the on the back similar mask
that's cool I don't know if I'm going to
use this because I don't ski a lot and
traveling to the cold countries but it's
pretty cool
I think I'll I'll use it for for photo
shoots or some kind of
let me put this away and we'll go to
the big one so first impression it's
pretty cool I like it it's really simple
you got this rig cool red color with
black dots on it and this big massive
shark mouth and a cent in the center off
the bank then transfer this out okay so
I want to talk about the quality how it
look how to design this and some other
stuff so yeah please be with me this is
my first review and some product so if
you guys wanna know some some other
stuff that that don't mention please let
me know down in the comment section
below so this is the backpack yeah okay
I'm just gonna show you all the rooms
first so we have this room the front
remove this backpack is for you
okay so we have the shoes
Eddie - Restless take your shoes put
them in here wallah it's pretty it's
pretty it's pretty good room for your
shoes or some kind of stuff so yeah you
can see the room is actually quite big
yeah also you've got actually got to
service here that'll save us so guys if
you're new here and you like the
constant light please okay so moving on
to the big so this is a quite big room
it says here sprayground you've got this
patch Sudan the journey begins there's
also this small room for sunglasses all
are small things that you are using
okay so that's no computer computer room
that's pretty yeah I think that's
normally in that cake spot stop right
there okay guys so to interrupt but the
rest of the video is just and I
decided to really record the video and
this is why we're in my room right now
so this is what it turned out to be I
found out that was a computer room right
here at the side and I think that's
pretty cool because it doesn't sit all
the way around the bank back as you can
see you stop right here yeah this room
you have divided room like you got like
at the writers room you've been actually
you can actually have two computers in
this room if you want to and yeah this
room only had one server so yes that's
fine with me
and yes the last room was this little
room you you can put your sunglasses or
wallet or even your mobile in this room
it's not that big so yeah yeah on the
back on this backpack you got these
straps you can adjust this by yourself
you also got sorry you also got this our
system kind of
yeah and also you got these two pillows
flower back so you got these pillow to
pillow for your back I want you to call
the fellows I don't know what else to
call
but for me is kind of pillows for back
so I think this is pretty cool it's
really comfy
you also got a strap top and one at the
bottom and one for the bottom I think
this is pretty cool just what I'll sip
this
I'll unzip it chicks trap I don't know
it's just kind of funny but yeah what
okay so I actually found out that that
was another womb truth okay so actually
I found a little secret with this
backpack so I can tell you because it
says playground wall love me
allow me I went to the guys unless you
buy one you can see for yourselves this
bag cost cost about $100 yeah that's the
retail
yes this is my first video where I'm
talking and in my first video I'm doing
a review on a product or some products
this is a really big step for me but I
don't know I don't really know how to do
this so I just run jump right into it so
if you guys had in have any advice or
you guys want to know anything else that
I haven't mentioned please comment down
below and yes maybe I sound a little bit
boring but I'll work on that because I
I'm not too good at English but this is
a good way to exercise my English so I
definitely want to keep doing this and I
don't have anything else to say
beside thank you for watching and I'll
see you guys next time
[Music]